Update erc-7796.md (#1032)
ethereum/ERCs: ERCS/erc-7796.md

* The `options` parameter may include any of the following optional members:
    * **knownAccounts**: a mapping of accounts with their expected storage slots' values.
        * The key of the mapping is account address.

>         * A special key `balance` defines the expected balance of the account. The balance is expected to be at least this value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * A special key `balance` defines the expected balance of the account. The balance MUST be at least this value.
```

    * **timestampMax**: maximum block timestamp for inclusion.
    * **paysCoinbase**: the caller declares the minimum amount paid to the `coinbase` by this transaction,
      including gas fees and direct payment.

>     * All numeric values should use hex string notation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * All numeric values MUST use hex string notation.
```

        {
            "blockNumberMax": 12345,
            "knownAccounts": {

>                 "0xadd1": "0xfedc....", // 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                "0xadd1": "0xfedc....",
```
